This guide will help to run the example project to test out the generated circuit.

## Getting started
You only need a standard `node` environment to run the example.

Start by downloding the example from the registry home page

## Example project directory structure
```
example/
├─ node_modules/
├─ circuit/
│  ├─ regex/
│  |  ├─ field.json
|  |  ├─ fieldRegex.circom
│  ├─ proof.circom
├─ lib/
│  ├─ generate_inputs.js
├─ index.ts
├─ generate_inputs_worker.js
├─ package.json
├─ tsconfig.json
```

#### Circuit Directory
```
├─ circuit/
│  ├─ proof.circom
│  ├─ regex/
│  |  ├─ field.json
|  |  ├─ fieldRegex.circom
```
This folder contains all the circuits that were auto-generated by the metadata from the pattern. You shouldn't directly edit the circom files in the `regex/` directory. Use the `zk-regex` SDK to generate it from your `field.json` files.

`zk-regex decomposed -d field.json -c fieldRegex.circom -t fieldRegex -g true`

`circuit/proof.circom` will be the main entry point for the circuit. Later you will see that this is imported in the tests.

#### Library
```
├─ lib/
│  ├─ generate_inputs.js
```
This folder only contains a script to generate the circuit inputs from a given email. The output of the script will be directly used in the circuit for proof generation

#### Worker Script
```
├─ generate_inputs_worker.js
```
This script is used by the Registry SDK when generating circuit inputs in the browser. It basically acts as a sandboxed environment using WebWorkers to convert an email to circuit inputs.

#### Test Entry Point
```
├─ index.ts
```
This is the test entry point. You will need to paste in your raw email in a variable in the file before running it. 


## Unzip the project and install dependencies

```
cd example
yarn install | npm install
```

## Add your raw  email sample

index.ts
```
...
const rawEmail = `<paste your eml file here>`
...
```

## Run the test

```
yarn/npm start
```

Once the witness generation is successful, the circuit works.